https://youtu.be/PR__eFQsnhg?si=6tpuyTOyZ6raCAd8


Why now is the best time to be a developer?

Is it possible that in next few years someone can develop a billion dollar company without any developer or just vibe coding?
The CEO of GitHub Thomas Dohmke said that you have to be a developer to be in a tech business because what you can do with the help of AI not coding everybody else can do as well. The idea of building a billion dollar company with vibe coding or something like that and without coding is mistaken because if that would be the case everybody will do it.

Thomas mentioned in his conversation that he thinks there would be way more developer because its so much easier to learn it. Even the kids can simply learn by typing on co pilots or AI's "Hey how to build a game".


If we take 90% of all the code is going to written by the agents like we take away 90% of the work from developers and they're only left with 10%. But if the total amount of work is going by 10x now the agent has 9x and the developer has that 1x So the developer will be more efficient then the AI. And the companies that use AI to accelerate not to cut costs are successful.


Coders who are trying to learn coding now should learn it how, on what they should focus on to get a good package or hiring by a good company?

Thomas said that the new generation will grow up using AI and should learn skills like using of AI's copilots etc.


Will AI generate better ideas then humans?

The AI can help us generate better ideas because AI is also incredibly powerful for your own reflection


THE LAST ADVICE TO THE PEOPLE WHO ARE READING AND HAS A FEAR THAT AI WILL TAKE THEIR JOB--
The best way to work on the fear is to adopt the technology, learn about it, learn how to use it, to upskill yourself into whatever the next job going to be.



WHAT IS VIBE CODING?
AI assisted coding based on intuition rather than understanding.

AGI(ARTIFICIAL GENERAL INTELLIGENCE)- It is a theoretical concept in AI where a machine possesses the ability to understand, learn, and apply its intelligence to any intellectual task that a human being can.

TOP THREE FAVOURITE AI'S OF THOMAS DOHMKE
1-> Copilot
2-> Chat GPT
3-> Granola
